I don't think there's exactly one question that I would ask one of my
issues with the initial training I received in the Naval Academy in
the indoctrination they provided was was that it was the way they presented
being in the Navy to me after looking back, it's not exactly
reality. You don't truly understand. It's like having Children. You
don't really know what it's like until you actually do it. And then
you realized both the joys and the difficulties that our associate
with, but no one really tells you about. So there are so many questions
you could ask to try and fill the void of. You don't know what you
don't know, but you know, that would take too much time. And there's
not really I can't There's not really any specific thing that I
thought I was just missing out on. I think one. I think one of the things
one of the things that I wish I could have been conveyed is that
it's okay not to know everything. That's what the people working
for you or for now, of course, that's required. That requires you to
be able to listen and ask the appropriate questions. But you don't
have to know everything. And in some respects I think that that isn't
it's appropriate. It's appropriate important to show that you don't
know everything, because that shows that you're willing to rely on
other people to help you. And there's nothing wrong with that. That's
to me. That's a strength. But that wasn't that wasn't something that
was typically conveyed as a leader. When you're young 22 in my case,
you first become commissioned. You assume Oh my gosh, How am I
going to I need to know everything. I can't show that I don't. But I
can tell you that if you have somebody that's working for you who has
had 10 years of experience, maybe even five, they will make it very
clear to you that you don't know what you're talking about and that
you need to listen to them. Uh, hopefully in a respectful way. But
it will become very clear very quickly